
## LICENSE FOR SOFTWARE GRAPHICS ARTWORK ##

ORACLE AMERICA, INC. ("ORACLE"), FOR AND ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS 
SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES UNDER COMMON CONTROL, IS WILLING TO LICENSE 
THE SOFTWARE GRAPHICS ARTWORK TO YOU ONLY UPON THE CONDITION THAT YOU 
ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT 
("AGREEMENT"). PLEASE READ THE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. BY USING THE 
SOFTWARE GRAPHICS ARTWORK, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THE TERMS 
AND AGREE TO THEM. IF YOU ARE AGREEING TO THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF A 
COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL 
AUTHORITY TO BIND THE LEGAL ENTITY TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE 
SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS, YOU MUST 
NOT USE THE SOFTWARE GRAPHICS ARTWORK. 

Copyright Notice for the Software Graphics Artwork: Copyright 2000,2018 
Oracle and/or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. Subject to the terms 
and conditions of this agreement, Oracle grants you, the individual or 
entity a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, limited right to 
use, reproduce, display or distribute this software graphics artwork, as 
individual graphics or as a collection, as part of software code or 
programs that you develop, provided that i) this license and the 
copyright notice above accompany the software graphics artwork; and ii) 
you do not utilize the software graphics artwork in a manner that is 
disparaging to Oracle. Unless the enforcement of a restriction against 
modification is prohibited by applicable law, you may not modify the 
graphics, and must use them true to color and unmodified in every way. 
 
The software graphics artwork is subject to copyright. Title to the 
software graphics artwork and all associated intellectual property 
rights is retained by Oracle and/or its licensors. 

**This software graphics artwork is provided "AS IS," without a warranty 
of any kind. ORACLE FURTHER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT.**

**IN NO EVENT WILL ORACLE OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, 
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR 
LOSS OF REVENUE, PROFITS, DATA, OR DATA USE, INCURRED BY YOU OR ANY 
THIRD PARTY, HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, 
ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE 
SOFTWARE GRAPHICS ARTWORK, EVEN IF ORACLE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ORACLE’S ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES 
HEREUNDER SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS (U.S. $1000.00).**

This agreement is effective until terminated. You may terminate this 
agreement at any time by ceasing all use of the software graphics 
artwork. This agreement will terminate immediately without notice from 
Oracle if you fail to comply with any provision of this agreement. 
Either of us may terminate this agreement immediately should the 
software graphics artwork become, or in either party’s opinion, be 
likely to become, the subject of a claim of infringement of any 
intellectual property right. Upon termination, you will promptly cease 
using the software graphics artwork. If any term of this agreement is 
found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining terms will remain 
effective, and such term will be replaced by a term consistent with the 
purpose and intent of this agreement. 

You represent and warrant that you have not in any way unilaterally 
modified the terms of this agreement as provided by Oracle. 

This agreement is governed by the substantive and procedural laws of the 
state of California and controlling U.S. federal law and you and Oracle 
agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of, and venue in, the 
courts in San Francisco or Santa Clara counties, California, in any 
dispute arising out of or relating to this agreement. 

This agreement is our complete agreement for your use of the software 
graphics artwork, and this agreement supersedes all prior or 
contemporaneous agreements or representations, written or oral, 
regarding the software graphics artwork. 

For inquiries please contact: Oracle America, Inc., 500 Oracle Parkway, 
Redwood Shores, California 94065, USA. 

